yeah so a couple of things just a brief
announcements for before we hop in with
train one is that our coaching program
actually launched on friday
and just a reminder that coaching is not
medical advice so it's not like
treatment or therapy it's actually like
supporting you and moving forward
so issues like playing too many video
games um working on your motivation your
relationships laziness things like that
feeling socially isolated negative
thought patterns
um these are the kinds of things that
our coaches work with and
specifically what i wanted to talk to
you guys about because we haven't really
shown this group coaching i think is
really really effective
i think it's interesting because on
stream you know we do a lot of
individual work
but i i don't know if you guys could
kind of get this from friday's stream
but
the cool thing about a group is how can
i say this so when i'm working with a
person individually
it's hard to make them see their biases
right what's actually really really
effective and i think part of the reason
that group coaching is so effective
is that when you see your problems
in another person it is way easier to
analyze and figure them out so like when
you hear someone else talk about
procrastination
in a bizarre way you're free from all of
your own issues so you
see how they struggle with
procrastination and then you
learn a lot more from it so group
coaching is sort of this idea that like
you know we get a group of y'all
together and then you guys kind of go
through this process
together there's also um sort of this
idea that like you know when we're
trying to figure out a problem
each of y'all is gonna have one piece of
the puzzle so in a weird way it can
actually be
while it isn't quite as specific to you
you can actually learn a lot from your
colleagues
and there's also an added advantage to
group which is that you can actually
help
other people which i cannot
underestimate the value of there are
thousands of people that need help
and we think that group is kind of like
effective because you know you can
support your peers you can learn from
each other we can help more people
so if you guys are kind of curious i
would highly encourage you all check out
group coaching
give me just there we go wow how you
doing train
good how are you good man
i like the aesthetic of your place man
very black and white
and clean thank you
kobe's really uh pushed me back on the
cleanness but like to me this is dirty
really dirty
but you know oh wow
what have you been having been good
how are you good good you know just uh
you know uh yeah you know
just uh just woke up and
yeah you know yeah what part of the are
you in the u.s
yeah i'm in uh texas oh you're in texas
yeah we're in texas austin downtown
austin cool i spent many a year in texas
really yeah i mean in austin i mean i'm
from texas
but i i really like undergrad at ut
oh that's so cool yeah i'm from arizona
so
that that's where i live my whole life
yeah scottsdale
yeah okay yeah cool
um so yeah there's something in
particular you want to er are we
i'm calling you tyler or train whatever
you like
if anything goes anything works um so
anything in particular you wanted to
talk about today
i think no i think we just do a
continuation you know
like a part one part two part three part
four part five you know
diving deep you know you know each
session we go deeper down
or whatever you call this you know
deeper down into what
the abyss it's like where are we going
man
i'm gonna grab my coffee okay
we're we're diving deep chat
deeper down deeper deeper
all right i'm back all right man wow wow
what
you know since since i just woke up i
still have burning sensation in my eyes
does that make sense
sort of you have tried i'm not awake yet
no maybe i'm not sure but it's it's as
if
i'm still tired my body's awake
my mind's awake my eyes are not does
that make sense
let me think about that
burning yeah it's like
well hmm it's not burning it's like
let me think about this so let's see i
wake up oh
you know my eyes are indicating that i
need to go i need to close them and
sleep
but my body and mind are awake i think
it's nyquil i took that i took
i took nyquil last night ah i think it's
nyquil does that make sense
i'm a little drowsy still yeah right
yeah yeah yeah
nyquil will lead to dry eyes actually
really
yeah oh wow
that explains a lot if i remember
correctly nyquil has something called
anticholinergic effects
which dry you out so they cause
constipation sometimes urinary retention
dry eyes dry mouth dry nose
right that's sometimes why it helps so
that would
if you took nyquil may have something to
do with it
yeah damn yeah well how have you been
how are you going coven good so i
actually was thinking
uh yeah i mean things are good i think
uh
you know things are sort of like we i
moved to texas during covet actually
so yeah so at first i just came down
here temporarily but then
covet never ended so now i'm just here
well you're in texas right now
yeah are you in austin houston houston
oh
nice very good so i i i was
yeah good i was like born grew up in
texas so
back home to texas boy yeah man
absolutely
cool is houston more like cowboy hat
cowboy boot spurs
cause well i mean austin austin is well
you can have cowboy hats in order texas
let me tell you what but
austin is really it's like it's like all
the liberals are down there you know
what i mean
it's true it's like a tiny amount of the
northeast or the west coast
right in the heart of texas yeah yeah
it's it's
it's a little piece of california in
texas yeah
yeah a lot of hippies and you know just
people experimenting with
different things and yeah living freely
and
yeah yeah you know all those all those
things man
yeah yeah i would even say maybe like
you know i watch some vampire movies
tv series you know like vampire diaries
right or like the originals
and and these things take place in like
new orleans right
i would say what's that one district
called the new orleans where there's
like mardi gras and stuff
the french quarter the french quarter
yeah i would say there's a little bit of
french quarter
in austin right i feel like i could walk
down the street get my fortune told
while there was like a witch
performing a ritual vampire
talking about yeah you could certainly
get your fortune told in austin for sure
oh for sure yeah um i i've heard it's
changed a lot but back when i was you
know
i mean yeah i don't know if the keep
austin weird is still a thing
oh it's yes very much so yeah that was
you know that was before a bunch of
people moved in but i'm glad it's still
a thing
so train yeah um one question that i had
kind of
last time is is you know you'd mentioned
your parents a couple of times
and and i just i was looking at some of
the notes that i had taken from our
last talk and it seemed like we hadn't
um you know we talked a lot about sort
of the effects of their upbringing but
we hadn't really talked much about
them or what it was like to grow up um
you'd kind of mentioned to me that you
know you studied biochem
and your of iranian descent yeah
and and so there were kind of i sort of
felt like you had mentioned a couple
things and we could make assumptions
about what those sorts of things meant
like in terms of the value system that
you were brought up with and things like
that but i was
actually kind of curious if if you could
tell us more
yeah so um
yeah um hmm
sorry i have to okay so before we get to
that
sure we gotta do a
hmm what can i i gotta warm the juice so
my brain is like right now here's where
i'm at mentally
okay okay so you buy a new computer
okay turns on instantly right
everything's ready to go
right and then after
about five years of doing various things
in that computer you know
it could be anything right it starts
slowing down you start turning it on you
have three different startup processes
you know and things are just taking
forever right you end up blue screening
going back to the restart
that's where i'm at right now okay so i
gotta i gotta get i gotta get the juices
flowing before we get into that you know
so okay so
yeah um
let me think about this where can we
start that i'll get my
you know brain where it needs to be hmm
great question one that i think you'll
have the answer to
yeah have you played among us have you
tried that game
no it's a really good game what's it
what kind of game is it
so there's like there's 10 players
and you load into a map
and the map has various tasks that you
do and the objective of the game
is there's two imposters but they don't
tell you who the impostors are they're
randomly selected at the start of the
map
no one can talk and you go around the
and you have to like study people's
behavior study people's
you know you know have a good sense of
deception
and you know be able to perceive when
people are lying or not
i don't perceive the right word there
but anyways it's really really fun
really good
um but yeah i suggest you play with
people that don't take it personally
because you know if you end up lying to
them or you end up calling them out
online
how do you lie if there's i think you
said there's no communication
so there's communication um in between
each round so if i if i'm imposter and i
kill somebody and let's say an innocent
person finds the body they can call it
and then we all tell our locations they
ask questions and we all play it off as
if we didn't kill it
and then people have to figure out
through the clues and consistencies
and and and like contradictions and
stories of who the killer is does that
make sense
yeah yeah yeah sounds so it's really fun
it's a really good game yeah if no if no
one cheats but you know i've
you know me and xbc have caught some
people uh
so since the different since everyone
has a chat and different chats can go
into each person's stream
they can see on the screen who the
imposter is and
right so a lot of people i don't know
why but they read their chat while
they're
innocent crew members so they're told
that they're you know it's
it's terrible but it that's a very low
percentage of blood do it but
you know hacks yeah it's like yeah
yeah are you pretty good at being
deceptive
you know
it was actually one of my worries of
starting the game so
with where i'm at so i'm a very paranoid
person
very paranoid okay so like i'm talking
paranoid to the point where
you know other students can tell you you
know i had slicker and john zurka here
in austin
and i took them to dinner and before i
had any conversation at all
i made them put their phones in the
middle airplane mode
then i had them stand up in the middle
of the restaurant this is a nice
restaurant i took them to
stand up i patted them down for a
secondary device
and then we sat down and talked so i'm
very paranoid as is
like some cia type stuff now
i was worried about starting the game
because everyone's been asking me to
play the game for so long i've been kind
of just
ignoring it not wanting to play just
avoiding it because i knew that this
game is going to lead me down one of two
roads
it's either gonna lead me down the road
where i'm very bad at it
and it fits every narrative that i'm
terrible at games
or i'm very good at it and it's going to
be used as a
as a credibility against the negative
imperative of i'm a manipulating
terrible evil person right so
since i'm like that character in each of
these narratives i was scared
there it was a lose-lose for me to play
the game but fortunately
i've been pretty good at it and no one's
gone that down that road but that was
definitely something me and my community
were laughing about along with my other
streamers that are friends
um so yeah it was definitely a fun time
though
so yeah i mean i don't know if i'm good
at being deceptive but it's it's
i like puzzles i like puzzles so i'm
gonna i'm gonna puzzle games i think
i don't know i could be wrong okay
does that make sense sure i mean it's so
interesting so i asked you
a question and then you gave me a lot of
stuff
yeah and and interestingly enough i i
don't even know if i got an answer to
the question
but boy did you give me some juicy
morsels
like what's up with the paranoia who is
slicker
slicker and john are two streamers on
twitch
and i met them on oh go ahead
are you bad at games
and what's up with with feeding into the
narrative that you're
evil are you where does that you seem
like a decent guy to me man
really authentic yeah
but i think i think you can see through
a lens
of like wisdom and maturity and like
more like you know
just a more i don't want to call it an
objective lens because i don't think
good or bad is
necessarily the subjective thing i mean
it is but it's not i don't know what it
is but it seems like you can see me
not for i mean i'm sure
initially from first impr the point is
here's what i've so [ __ ] um excuse my
language by the way um
okay so how do we do this so it starts
all the way back
in middle school high school okay this
is when i first learned about this
i was totally oblivious and ignorant to
this because i didn't know it existed
okay so in middle school in high school
i was
bullied a lot not physically though it
was psychologically
and in my time you know i'm a 1990 baby
psychologically
was never taken seriously
psychologically was i come from the time
of sticks and stones and hurt your bones
but words cannot hurt you they'd laugh
at that if someone called you dumb or
whatever
or worse things you're like who cares
right
so we'll skip middle school for now
in high school i moved schools i moved
cities we moved
and i walked into school and from day
one
i was like just heavily mentally like
psychologically bullied heavily by
everybody and i didn't know why
and i'll spare you the entire story
let's get to the end
senior year high school
i confront my bully okay i'm at a point
in my life where
i've gotten to a you know
i'm in english class with him and
he punches me in the back the english
teacher is this football coach that and
he's on the football team
and basically he gets away with it i get
kicked out because the teachers
i think reliving his high school
experience that he wanted to have back
when he was in high school
through being a football coach now so
this weird thing where they're teaming
up and
you know smiling at each other like got
some deal together weird stuff
so anyways i'm pissed off i just had to
confront him
and the truth comes out apparently the
reason
he and the football team bullied me so
much is because they
thought they needed to bring me down a
notch they said when i
first walked into the school as the new
kid
that they thought that i thought
i ran the place because of my demeanor
because of how i looked because of how i
talked and because of the aggressive
look i have
so they felt they needed to bring me
down right
and when i heard this it started
clicking in so many different like
friend groups and spots i started
bringing this up and asking if this was
the case
and it ended up being the case almost 99
of the time there's always
so my case is is that you
your physical presence makes you come
across as
it's it's confidence or arrogant i don't
know if it's the physical presence i
think it's a mixture of like my face
like i have like very protruding
structure like you know it's where the
nickname ape comes from like my whole my
entire thing ape gang or you know
uh the gorilla it comes from people say
i have these like protruding bone
structures you know i have a
my side view you know i have like a
built-in umbrella when it rains i don't
need an umbrella
you know my forehead is the umbrella
right
and then i have these like dark black
eyes that like stare you know
people describe my eyes in my stream as
someone that's been through six
different wars
and is like going through an active
episode of ptsd
and thinking of all the kills and deaths
i went through like that that's like
describe my eyes right
and then i have a deep voice that
doesn't help at all
and doesn't right help with what is it
what does it not help with the view that
you're
like this i don't know i think upon i
mean
i've talked to like my friends about
this too like my friends that like i'm
actually cool and stuff
and they said like initially they felt
the same and even every day they do
they feel like it doesn't it doesn't
help with
so i'm a very passionate person so i
have to and
my mom's always told me i have to be
very very careful when i get excited
because it's not like a normal person's
excited where you can tell they're just
having fun
i sound like i'm about to go to war
right so when i jump at someone and say
oh i don't believe this no you're wrong
it sounds like we're about to go to into
like a viking
you know versus gladiator russell crowe
war right
we're talking like you know heads
chopped off type of war right so
all these different things go into this
but on the inside
you know i just love you know just love
but on the outside people see
war but the inside it's not the case
right so
i don't know what's it like to be
perceived like that
to be viewed as a viking when inside
you're a poet
well
i don't know i think the biggest
the biggest challenge of it all
is i think
most the time where others will get the
benefit of the doubt
i have to work uphill because i won't
get the benefit of the doubt
right so i have to like work uphill and
oh that's why i'm paranoid all the time
i feel like i need to always be ahead
one step ahead
i feel like i have to always watch my
back and be one step ahead of people
trying to like do whatever
because i know when something happens
right the only person that's going to be
there i don't know
does that make any sense like i feel
like i need to be ahead of it because
the benefit of the doubt won't be the
only person the only person that's gonna
be there is who well me
how long have you felt that way
probably since like the bullying started
middle
i would i think that actually i you know
this this is going to sound really weird
but this is going to sound very weird
but i
almost i'm almost kind of
happy that i went through what i went
through in middle school in high school
no matter you know when i think back to
it if i told you the story i'd probably
tear up
but i'm kind of happy it wasn't the
other way around i think it was the
other way around if
i just either lived a normal one or i
was accepted
i wouldn't be who i am today and i
wouldn't have the confidence as i do
right because i don't know
does that make any sense yeah i i think
sort of
i i think it makes a lot of sense that
i think a lot of people myself included
feel like our challenges and our
difficulties
are what make us who we are today which
i think it's really hard for people to
understand while you're in the middle of
it
right like i remember when i was 18 or
and trying really hard to get a
girlfriend and all i wanted
more than anything else in the world
a girlfriend and at the same time i
think that that was a really
transformative and important period for
me that allowed me to then engage
in you know healthier relationships down
the road
because i had to learn a lot about
myself and like what
just just how bad i was with women
and that's how you learn right oh 100
believe me
and and so that's that's just part of it
um and so i can understand where you're
coming from at the same time it's it's
hard to really
fully understand because what i'm
hearing from you is that there are some
very formative and important experiences
that you're actually kind of skipping
over
right so you'll give us a lot of
conclusions but i i don't really know
the story so you kind of said you
confronted your bully
and then what came out dot dot dot was
that essentially it sounds like they
were intimidated by you
and and so so that i mean you you keep
on referencing middle school and you
kind of
jump to the end of the story like but
it's hard to really
fully understand what you mean because
you're kind of glossing over like the
beginning in the middle well
it's because i i wanted to save you the
i
um okay so by no means do i
so what i'm going to say next by no
means am i meaning to
say since everyone now has a story that
all of them don't mean much anymore or
you know i'll just say i just wanted to
skip through because i feel like
these days
see these these are the takes that i say
that i think also attribute
they attribute to it so like it's not
entirely this passive thing that
i'm that that isn't my fault
some like takes they
take so like my perspective
yeah my perspective on so okay the
reason the reason i wanted to skip and
get to the conclusion is because
okay this is gonna be a hot take and
this is exactly
what gets me in trouble so i will take
responsibility for this completely
but i wanted to skip through it
because i feel like every story nowadays
starts with uh i was bullied
right and
from my experience in my school now i
know there's millions of schools
everywhere but for my husband's school
the bullied was a very small percentage
and we all knew each other all from
different groups but we all had
a spot it was almost like a movie like
an action superhero movie where
we came together in a bathroom and we
in public we weren't friends but in
private we had like consoling each other
what's the word is a consolidated consul
whatever right
so i know that statistically based on
what i see
when i talk to other people that share
the same experiences that
every single individual that's saying
that now it can't be the case so now i
just feel like it's like
this cheap thing to say where i was
bullied so instead of going through the
entire story
i just wanted to skip i just want to
start with you know that and then skip
to the conclusion to what i learned from
it and what i gained from it and that's
it
i don't want to like waste people's time
and telling a story that they've heard a
million times from it
it just seems like the same i don't know
does that make any sense i think it just
make sense i just
disagree so i i think i think the
conclusion
i mean someone can hear the conclusion
but i don't think that's what really
helps someone understand
okay i think understanding comes from
the story and you say like oh
like just because everyone else is
bullied like i think that's kind of
important right everyone has
their story to tell you're right
completely
um okay then i'll say i just did i just
okay there's a certain there's like
certain things i try
to stay away from why
okay so for example i'll give you an
example to what i mean by this because i
can't get it into words and it sounds
really bad
so for example um
with like my with my bipolar stuff right
it's it's a very new thing like some
some individuals in my community knew
about this five six years ago
but it's a very like new thing that a
lot of people don't know about
because i was raised in an era where
even though you have this and even
though it may be responsible for
some of the ways you may treat people
you still have to take responsibility
for it and never should you
never should it come out of your mouth
that oh i oh you did this terrible thing
oh well i bipolar that's why so either
accept it
take it or don't talk to me like i i've
been taught
not to do that take responsibility right
look inside and
find a better way to manage it instead
of crutching on this excuse that i have
this
so since i'm brought up that way i never
bring that up i try not to i feel like
blaming it on it
is isn't something for others if i want
to if i know it's that then i have to
work that much harder
around people to make that work it's not
that they have to work harder to make it
work i need to work harder
knowing that i have that so i always
raise them this way whereas i feel like
most people these days are raising the
other way where others if they want to
be in the presence of greatness tyler
they need to work around my
bipolar and they need to do better right
i'm i was i was
born i was raised the opposite yeah i
need to do better don't crush on it
don't use it as excuse right
so because of these things i don't have
this
like i feel like when i talk about a
bullied experience or i bring up a
mental
disorder i'm now pitying myself
and it's this very shameless cheap thing
to do and it's like this
week no i don't want to say week weeks
not i wasn't really use the words man
but i i just
you understand what i'm saying tyler
i'll say the words
so some people use mental illness as an
excuse for being [ __ ]
yes i'll say it
okay great so yeah i think it's a huge i
was raised to take responsibility
so i think people need to take
responsibility for their mental illness
i'll i'll say i'm a [ __ ] psychiatrist
my job is to help people take
responsibility for the things that like
hold them back
that's why i feel bad telling a bull so
i bring that example up because
when i give the story i feel like people
aren't
giving it the bully story they're not
giving the story of oh i was bullied
as a way to explain i've been through
that i understand you because i
understand me it shaped
me in this way i went through this i get
it people bring that story up
as a ticket out as a pity
so i i try to skip that story because
that's the way it's perceived by mostly
but let me explain something to tyler
this is exactly why you need to tell a
story
because there's a there's a narrative
which i agree with by the way
of absolving people of individual
responsibility because of certain things
that happened to them
and i think some of that is fair like
don't get me wrong so like i have a
policy where like
you know if i'm seeing a patient i need
a 24-hour notice for a cancellation
otherwise like they get billed for it
you know
and and so but there are some exceptions
that i make for that right so if you're
like
actively in a depressive episode that
was not there
a day or two ago and you miss your
appointment for reasons for your health
i won't bill you for it so i certainly
make allowances
but what i try really hard not to do
is to let people use their illness as an
excuse to not grow
as a person because i don't think that
actually helps them i'm here to help
them
not to cater to a narrative that keeps
in place and sometimes that means giving
people allowances
and sometimes it doesn't you know so
basically what i do when a patient
doesn't show up for an appointment
i'll ask them the next week like hey
what happened
do you have a good excuse and then if
they say yes
won't bill them so be it i trust you if
the depression got too much
and you couldn't even email me no big
deal
i'm glad you showed up this week but
it's also like
did you just stay up too late playing
video games
and not wake up on time
if so then you don't get to use your
depression as a as a pass
and i do see this i mean i hate to say
it but i see it a lot where
you know there's even there's even a
term for it in in the medical field
which is something called
secondary gain so it's when someone uses
their
illness to like get something and we
know that people people
have been doing this since the beginning
of psychiatry as a field
and i mean the really tricky thing is
for some people they use it as an excuse
and for some people it's actually an
impairment and to be honest for
people who use it as an excuse there's a
really fascinating
statistic so there's this thing called a
pseudo-seizure
which is a fake seizure it's not really
a fake it's just a non-epileptic seer
so it's like when someone acts like
they're sort of having a seizure but
they're not
actually like there's nothing going on
in their brain in terms of like
electrical activity that would cause a
seizure
the really interesting thing is that
people who it's almost like a it's
called a psychogenic seizure
some people think about it like a fake
seizure although i think that's a little
bit
unfair but it's not a seizure resulting
from like
rampant electrical activity in your
brain
can you guess what percentage of people
who have psychogenic seizures
also have real seizures
this is the simplest question ever and
i'm overthinking it like usual sure
just toss out a number what percentage
of people who have quote unquote fake
seizures also have real seizures
zero nope it's about fifty percent
okay i was gonna say fifty first then a
hundred that then i cheated off chat
yeah don't listen to chat don't listen
to chat
so it's interesting because people who
actually exhibit
displays of psychogenic seizures half of
them have real seizures too
so something goes on in the mind where
like we sort of
recognize like like citing mental
illness has now become
what sometimes is viewed as an excuse
but i think really what that is
is it's like it's a way of people
it's a way of signaling like hey i need
help
or like i don't want you to judge me for
this
i feel bad about it but i don't want you
to judge me because i'm already judging
myself
that's what i really see a lot is that
people will cite mental illness when
they
can't it's almost a protective shield
for them against themselves because if
i'm a [ __ ] up
that's hard to deal with but if i cite
my mental illness then that's easier for
me to deal with
because then it's not my fault but i do
think sometimes people absolve
themselves of responsibility and i'm not
saying like i'm trying to be insensitive
to people with mental illness i mean i
like i just i think it genuinely holds
them back which is why like
you don't want to just you know say like
yeah man it's okay like you don't you
know you know
i trust them i tell them hey do you have
a good reason
is it really illness why you didn't show
up and if you say yes
i'm gonna choose to believe you but if
you just [ __ ] up like because if you
have mental illness you can [ __ ] up too
it doesn't make you imperfect it's not
like
when you get to [ __ ] up just like
everyone else does
not everything has to be because of your
depression
you can be a lazy [ __ ] and be
depressed and a lazy [ __ ] and not be
depressed
do i think the people with depression
deserve more compassion
no do they do i think they deserve more
allowance
sure
yeah i agree with that completely what
i'm saying
and i agree with everything you said i
think it applies to what i'm saying as
well and i i think to
take it one step further what i'm saying
is so
if something is a result of my bipolar
right i know it
is i was like
i will take the l for that right that's
what i'm trying to say so i'm not trying
to say like
yes and no yeah so so like just just a
thing about that so like train i
i respect where you're coming from and i
think that like you know just to be
clear
i think that if you have bipolar it's
your responsibility to manage it
and at this same time what i tend to do
is if you do everything that you can to
manage it
and it still doesn't sometimes get
managed that's not your fault
right so what i judge people for is not
what happens
i judge them for what they do
so if if someone shows up to my office
like every week and they're in treatment
they're taking medication like they're
supposed to or whatever
and then one week they don't show up
because they get depressed and they
can't get out of bed like that's not
their fault
i don't judge them for that i give them
an allowance for that
i like that and at the same time
if they're not showing up and doing
their work like i don't care whether
they
like you know they're allowed to miss
appointments the question is like are
they doing what they're they're supposed
to and they
do do they do it for the right reason if
the illness got the better of you that's
the way illness works you deserve a
break
right like we don't blame people for
getting the flu it's like [ __ ] you
you got the flu [ __ ] you you got
hospitalized for covid for a month
and you stood me up on our second date
it's like
f you know cut people some slack i will
i will say if you get the flu
hey stay at home yeah these guys keep
going they keep going in the gym
touching everything you know terrible no
but i completely agree with you
that that's actually very good that's a
good take a good example yeah and i i
think you know sometimes
there's also this interesting thing
train i don't know exactly what's going
on here but like you you seem to be
judged a lot
right so you're like you're trying not
to say these things which i think are
like important to say because i
genuinely think when people use mental
illness
is an excuse it doesn't
help them move forward is it a debuff
absolutely does it sometimes [ __ ] with
your life absolutely do you need more
support
do you deserve more support absolutely
and at the same time don't use it as an
excuse because it doesn't help
yeah i agree i completely agree with
that
also i think uh i i think
so in a perfect world everything you're
saying is completely right
the problem is
we live in a time right now not even now
always i think
i think it's just it's become more aware
and connected
because of technology in the internet
where we know what's going on
finally we now never aware it's not just
going on in my town it's going on
everywhere and it's this thing where
there's this impenetrable wall
right metaphorically speaking so that
wall
it used to be within each of us and what
that wall does is
let's say i'm late to your meeting i
know i can use that secondary bipolar
advantage and say oh it's my bipolar dr
k sorry i didn't mean to
be late it's the bipolar i'm so psyched
to reschedule right
now if you call me and say i don't think
it's the bipolar i think you're making
an excuse in using it
you know normally oh you know i'll
probably hang up on you say screw you
you're not my doctor anymore then i'll
go into bed and depending on how i'm
raised depending on
my morals values and how well i know
myself
eventually after two or three days of
pouting i'll realize holy [ __ ] he knows
me better than
i do i need to talk to him again call
you i apologize we see each other again
now in today's society with everything
being connected
that wall has fortified itself stronger
so now instead of having the time to sit
in your thoughts
knowing that that doctor that's called
you out on that is right
now you can find solace or whatever the
word is
in thousands of accounts that share the
similar experience that cannot handle
the truth that you gave them
and instead of facing it through
self-reflection
they find comfort in others that further
fuel their delusion that you are
wrong and you're an [ __ ] and you
don't respect mental illness and it is
their mental illness
that gets them away from everything and
it further pushes people down this
delusion this
whole and no one gets better and
everyone believes they have some
does this make any sense this is what
i've noticed in today's time
so everyone thinks they seek the truth
but what they really seek
is someone to tell them what they want
to hear and label it the truth
and that is why i think these truthful
scenarios that we're talking about sure
they're
they work in a perfect world but it's
not this world people
does that make any sense yeah so it
makes a lot of sense so here's what i
heard you say
that like when when you get called out
for your behavior
you go into what i would call the
waiting arms of the internet
you go and you pry to your mommy in
general right you're
you as general yeah yeah so yeah like
you go
these people me included
go into the waiting arms of the internet
where i post something on
reddit and then i post the story from my
perspective which is one perspective
and then it gets upvoted because it's
just one perspective
and you'll see this like a lot in and
you know these
these subreddits that are like they're
they're not they're very transparent
about it they're like this is what we're
about
you you tell the story from one way and
then you get upvoted and it makes you
feel like you're right
no one critically looks at your thoughts
no one critically asks what happened on
the other side
and so then you get vindication because
10 000 strangers on the internet agree
with you
the interesting thing train is that i
think the solution there
is so what people do is they look at the
internet and they look at the person
and they blame them and they say this is
bad that the internet should not be an
echo
chamber and that's fair the interesting
thing i think that that really i found
is is in a subtle point which is
something that i almost never do
so in the scenario you described you
said at some point dr k says
hey i think you're lying i think you
actually [ __ ] up and it's not your
your bipolar well like
yeah i cut to the chase yeah yeah i i
know but i i think i think it's
it's a good it's a good point because i
think this is really important
yeah so i think the key thing here is
that it is
not for the person outside to
judge whether something is an excuse or
not
it is for it so if my patient
says hey yeah sorry it's my bipolar
i choose to trust them because if i
don't trust them
what happens is exactly what you
described
so if i kind of attack them for their
mental illness they're going to go and
find some way to like mentally deal with
that so i think the interesting thing
i think this is this is where a lot of
people get i think stumble
is that i don't think mental illness
should be an excuse but at the same time
i do think there are far too many people
who
judge people with mental illness
as using as an excuse
i think it has to be the person
themselves like you're the one who has
to decide
whether your bipolar got the best of you
or you got the best of your bipolar
it can't be me it can't be other people
but
but here's the problem so
that only happens in my experience
with dealing with other people that have
issues in myself
in one of two ways one
either you're raised by a
you know intel emotionally intelligent
and you know
uh uh you know whatever the other one is
or
what is the eq iq what's iq either
you're raised by a good
a good set of parents that will teach
you this as you grow up
will what will help you self-reflect
will you know talk to you and open you
up and help you realize these things or
you learn it from experience because
of the way your parents raised you
because of the good set of morals they
instilled within you
whatever the case might be right i feel
like today
that's missing so what happens is
we're giving this benefit of doubt to
people
that i don't know if they were like it's
not and it's not their fault
it feels like there's a responsibility i
mean i guess i guess i'm kind of
i'm talking way too general i guess i
don't have enough sample size but
it seems like the methodology of
raising has like changed it feels like
things are bulldozed more so than uh
like parents are bulldozing for their
children more so than like
you know occasionally scooping with a
shovel you know some [ __ ] out of the way
it seems like it's a bulldoze miles and
miles ahead
right and what this causes is this lack
of accountability and responsibility
which comes from that self-reflection so
instead of self-reflecting instead of
laying in bed and feeling guilty
that guilt is not there so when you find
comfort in finding others on the
internet that have gone through what
you've gone through
it's that's the problem you you don't
you're not
seeing it ever at any point as wrong and
learning from it so when you're giving
the benefit of the doubt it's not
actually teaching them anything
it's it's does this make any sense this
is what i've noticed yeah
uh just from observing does this make
any sense yeah i i think it makes a lot
of sense training and i find myself
wondering i think that interestingly
enough i think the most illustrative
question then is how were you raised
so instead of making general talking
about generalities and commenting on
what you
see true show us
right so you have a unique opportunity
here that you have an
opportunity so you see something
we see something so show us
show us something different how were you
raised
okay so should we start excuse me i'm so
sorry should we start with
how i was raised or we go back to the
bully story and finish that fully
first let's start i mean we're talking
about how people get raised so how did
you get raised
okay before we start that can i use the
restroom sure real quick two seconds
i'll be like i'll be like
35 to 45 maybe 50 seconds
maybe even less actually 20 seconds i
don't know i'll run okay
i'll be quick and i'll wash my hands
i'll be right back okay
hector the [ __ ] is this conversation
either he's got urinary tension from the
nyquil or he's washing his hands real
good
or a number one turned into a number two
can you hear me train are you listening
hey man yeah i was listening but anyways
sorry i was juicing up but anyways um so
yeah last time no yeah i think i think i
deviated septum they meant
uh the breathing technique you taught me
bro do you have a deviated septum
i don't know okay my nose my nose is
huge like
there's no way i get a deviated system
septum i mean look at these things
i'm telling you these things so in high
school you know i played soccer and
i was one of the fastest and i truly
believe this sounds like a memeing or
making into a joke i
i honest to god believe that these these
huge nostrils
which by the way my my dad's friend
which i love used to
joke and say that my nostrils are so big
the shape of my finger
because i he he made this joke oh do you
pick your nose in private and your nose
shaped around your finger
blah blah but i think my nostrils
actually
give me the oxygen intake while i'm
running to perform the speeds that i do
does that make any sense
yeah yeah i mean breathing through your
nose when you're running
i don't know actually yeah
i breathe through the nose and i breathe
out of mouth i think okay
i think holy [ __ ] that's a good question
wow
i should think about that next time i do
that i haven't ran for like two years
um so
anyway so you're so yeah tell me about
your parents
so here's the crazy part
my parents they're happily married
and for a long time i don't know how
long 40 years 20 30 years something like
that
but and they're that they're total
opposites
but they find like a strong connection
through that so my mom is
very my mom is very like conservative
not politically just like as far as like
not politically conservative she's
she's a democrat and she's like she
loves bernie and stuff but
my mom is conservative when it comes to
like you know
crazy stuff right so she's like
how do i explain conservative like more
socially right like so like she doesn't
she's
like so my mom is more like she's like
proper
classy you know any
any talk of like like i don't even feel
awkward saying that mixing two words
together sex
you know because like that stuff it's
like you know
you know right yeah just she's just
proper proper but she's not proper in
like that
in that way that you see in movies where
like you know you know
the house and the prairie where the
woman walks you know it's not like that
she's very like
loose and cool and she's very social and
but for her it's very
it's go with the flow you know it's go
where the wind takes you
and you know she's a chemical engineer
and
she's very smart and she's very just
easy going and very cool
and she's creative and very loving and
um sounds like you respect her a lot
i do i do and so that's my mom
my dad same thing but the opposite
i'll tell you the opposite is so the
opposite isn't like perspective and view
of life
my dad very outgoing like pretty much
my outgoing side where i can just joke
and talk about
anything and everything the moment we
meet comes from my dad my dad's very
social always making jokes
you know um very cool but my dad
he has a different clock he has a
different set of values right
everything for him is very objective
it's very precise
there's a routine you know he comes from
like a military
family so like you know he wakes up at
the same exact time
sleeps the same exact time you know beds
the bed is like perfectly like you know
corner tucked
everything down like everything is
there's a clock there's a time
never be late if you're late it gets
very upset there's no being late with
him
but my mom it's always being late right
my mom's always late my dad's never late
so in respect to how like it's lived my
dad's very like mathematical very
precise
strategical my mom is the exact opposite
of that
so i i i i
i like that that's why i have this very
so people can't understand when i tell
them i have two degrees and they watch
my stream
they can't understand how the train
wreck they watch
can possibly sit down in school and
finish two degrees but the way i was
raised is that there's a time and place
if you're streaming that's the time to
bring your social side
out have fun do whatever you want now if
streaming was school work
then that's where people would probably
understand how i got my degrees because
they would see a much more serious side
of me
that can sit down organize things
properly get things does that make sense
sure so when you say how are you you
were raised can you paint us a picture
so like what was it
like in your house like how did these
things manifest these differences
between your mom and your dad
damn it's like we need like seven
sessions to talk about that
um did you give any que like direct
i've never really talked about them like
that i don't know like questions
just ignite yeah sure so like his like
does anything come up
when you kind of think about when your
mom was your mom and your dad was your
dad and and you were kind of caught in
the middle
or you know how you responded to like
their differential views on time or
studying or whatever
or how were you taught that like there's
a time to study
um
you know uh
i'm i'm pretty sure the same way that
you were
taught this way to i you know i was told
to
you know i was told to study you know
i'd say you know i would say i
i finished my homework you know my dad
would look at me he's like
you know you give me that little eye you
know everyone knows the eye right
and at that point i have that feeling
coming to my stomach of aw
[ __ ] right which
pretty much you know insert the larry
david
and then maybe skip five minutes and i'm
sitting at the table doing my homework
while the modem's in their room
right it's gone the router's gone right
no more internet
so you know um
pretty much rinse repeat of that sure um
you know i was very you know i was very
blessed
because my parents put a lot of time
into me you know my dad
so you know my parents came from iran
uh during the revolution or whatever the
hell it's called right they came
with having nothing at all and my dad
had
uh four other siblings so five all
together including himself
and he's not the oldest i think he's the
second oldest
but his role was he took care of
everybody so when they came they had no
money he had to work two jobs
while going to school and he ended up
finishing school in three years instead
of four
university while working two jobs and
supporting his two sisters and brother
um he came out of school um got his
masters
and he started working and
that's when travel started that's when
you know my parents had me
then i lived in korea for three years
because my dad's the company i worked
for was in korea
and um
he pretty much he puts everyone ahead of
himself
right and everyone everyone
and you know that put a lot of stress to
my mom because she was always worried
about him
and then that put a stress on me because
if i misbehave that put stress into him
and my mom would cry because she thought
that he would
you know you know he would ex
pass or you know whatever because of the
stress
so i tried my best to do you know what i
was told but you know i was a kid and i
was stupid so
uh no no like no no he's alive i don't
know what i'm saying is like yeah she
thought the stress would eventually like
you know the stress of doing misbehaving
would do him in you know the stress of
everything going on and i was a kid i
was dumb i didn't want to do homework i
didn't want to learn i don't want to do
this right i was a typical kid right i
just wanted to play games
and not do any work and not do this
don't do that so
you know um so my dad so
i'll get to the part to what stressed
him out so my dad really care he loves
me cares about me and every night
so he would go to work you know from
like he'd leave 5 a.m come home you know
8 p.m you know and right there he'd
you know dr get dressed for the home
attire
and then from right that point that
point wouldn't even eat that point he
would sit down with me and he would
teach me math
right he would teach me from math from
scratch and we'd sit there until like 2
3 a.m and then he sleeps like two three
hours go to work rinse with every day
he was hands-on with me every day
teaching me he was just so good at these
things
and i you know in the beginning stages i
didn't want to sit down and put time in
right i didn't want to apply myself i
was kind of everywhere
so he put a lot of time with me and i
love him for that to this day i'm very
thankful he always put himself ahead
you know um if there was something he
could you know
eventually got to a point through his
hard work that we were above average as
far as income goes and things were
you know i'm very blessed but you know
in the beginning stage when i was
younger we weren't
so like if i wanted something i remember
like he would sacrifice you know a lot
of his own or like you know
if i was hungry but there wasn't any
food he would give me his and
all these different things like taught
me to you know
give you know take care of others before
i take care of myself
type of thing right and unfortunately in
america that's not the way it works in
america you take care of yourself and
then if you have a little extra maybe
you give a little extra to others if you
can you take care of yourself right so
this really i got taken advantage a lot
for this but i still haven't changed
i'm still that person i still do that
but
what i'm trying to say is
i don't know what i'm trying to say what
i'm trying to say is they're very good
parents and i love them
so [ __ ] much yeah they're very like
very very
very good parents they taught me
everything i know it was two different
perspectives i'd go to i'd get two
different responses
you know on some things like you know uh
social things my dad would give me
leeway he would understand and my mom
wouldn't she'd be pissed
because she was more proper so an
example if i were to go to a party with
my friends
you know and i wouldn't come home that
night and my parents are
sick worried about me maybe on the phone
with the cops i'd like oh it's all good
i know
you know my man good stuff i know what
you're doing right my mom's like wow why
are you there right
now let's say i get a c on my paper
i was like oh it's okay just study my
dad's like
ah right so when it came to like
academics when it came to
school when it comes to like [ __ ] that
like you you need to get done because
the 40 year old me is going to regret
the 15 year old me not doing it
my dad's gonna be upset you know when it
comes to
getting into the wrong crowd of friends
you know partying
drinking hanging out the wrong girl that
seems like she's kind of you know
you know maybe i'm out there yeah my
mom's gonna be upset right
so it was these different perspectives
were it was just crazy so
i got yeah so yeah it sounds like your
parents made a lot of sacrifices for you
they did they a lot a lot and still do a
lot
just everything everything that it was
yeah they made a lot of sacrifices and
a yeah yeah they're very good parents
very very very good parents
yeah so it's kind of scary like
i mean did you guys actually grow up in
a household where sometimes there wasn't
enough food to go around
no it wasn't it wasn't like that
but like it wasn't like that
right but like if there was none that
night
because like there was just nothing that
night there was like one food made
then like he would give me his but then
i would like cry and well
you know i wouldn't want it but then he
would say he's not eating anymore then
i'd end up eating it but i ended up
crying and then
so i didn't i wanted him to eat but he
just like go ahead and he would just
pretty much my dad was like you know he
would just
pretend he didn't want it or and this
this applies to everything
right so like he did i i don't know does
that make sense now it wasn't like that
it wasn't like we were dirt broke coin
house house like we were good my dad
sacrificed a lot he was very successful
yeah
you know i was blessed in that way right
but
do you remember why you cried
well
okay let's see here
i think
hmm
i don't let me think about this
how do we start here how do we start
here okay
let's go to birthdays okay
so
there is a reason why i try my best and
i'm sure
everyone can vouch for this like all my
all my friends
during all my friends birthdays on
twitch i try to get them all presents
so i will go around on each of the
birthdays and i'll whether it's just
money subs or something i always need to
get them a present
and as far as like gifting subs you know
i'm like i'm number two gifter on twitch
for subs and
all these other things this like stems
from one
thing from my childhood one thing and
everything
from that stems from this
so i need to breathe here because this
is
i've told a story twice and i've cried
both times so give me a sec here
so
so during birthdays or christmas
or any holiday or event where i would
get a present
or presents for my parents i would
always cry
and here's why so there's two two things
first
since i was never really the popular kid
and i was never really the cool kid that
you know had
a lot of friends which i think leads to
another thing where i feel like i need
everyone to like me now but anyways
you know birthdays wouldn't be what you
see in like tv series and movies for
everybody
it was birthdays would be like me and
maybe like a couple cousins
and like that's it right and my parents
would always try to like you know
pretend like you know
i you know i had these friends and so
they would like get presents and like
you know uh uh you know you know
give them to me on behalf of them or
whatever you know blah blah blah now
hold on
when you say blah blah does it it sounds
to me like your
parents attributed gifts
to friends that you didn't have yeah
so so
pretty much
so there's two parts of this the first
part is
okay so hmm the second part to the first
part
let me think about this
why does this require so much thought
because i i just need to collect my uh
my motions for a sec
so
there is a distinct feeling that i
remember
very clearly and very vividly and
it's the feeling
of knowing that my parents are going
above their means to fulfill
things that i wanted
and knowing they made the sacrifice
and there's a feeling of not of of
not having the friends at the parties
and not
having a lot of people
there is a there's this feeling i
remember
a deep deep pain loneliness a breaking
of like the heart as they would call it
and i guess i do what i do today
when i try to give so no one ever has to
feel that because i felt it because of a
cause and effect
of that so i don't want anyone to think
i've forgotten their birthday
right so i try to be there and give them
what i think i don't know does that make
any sense
yeah let me see if i understood you so
it sounds to me like you sort of
remember feeling lonely and also
in that same moment felt deeply loved
and appreciated
while you were feeling under appreciated
that your parents went above and beyond
to take away something
from you or protect you from something
and you sort of knew that they were
doing that that they got you all these
presents that maybe even they couldn't
quite afford
to protect you from feeling the way that
you did
and they didn't want you to feel that
way so they went out of their way
to try to protect you from those
feelings
make up for them kind of but i i hate
presents and i always hated presents
because i feel like so i so here's the
weird part for me it wasn't about the
presence i just
i just wanted people to be there to have
fun with
pres i never so i hate presents i hate
receiving stuff because i feel like i'm
not worthy of it
right i feel like i feel like i need to
do something good to receive a present
right so
when i get the prep so when i know my
parents are working very hard and they
give me a present
i i hate getting it like so i don't it's
not that i wanted presents it's that
i just wanted the friends but
since we're over the internet there's no
other way to sh uh i don't know i don't
yeah yes i guess but it's something so i
i i i've always hated
yeah go ahead so okay
thanks for sharing tyler so let's see if
we can unpack this a little bit does
that does that sound okay
do you mind if uh while you talk i i get
up real quick
i can hear my wireless headphones okay
unpack it so i can walk i just need to
collect my
collection i need to blow my nose in the
bathroom okay go
talk or do you need to see me it helps
if i see you it's awkward to talk to
and that's okay okay i'll be very fast i
just have one nose otherwise yeah take
your time man
i don't wanna start sniffling in the
camera and then it just becomes
disgusting trust me
train you seem very concerned it's
interesting right so on the one hand you
don't care about how you're perceived
but i think you own up to a lot of the
way that you're perceived
you kind of joke about your forehead and
at the same time
it also seems like you're very concerned
about how you're perceived
so no i'm actually talking to y'all
twitch chat i'm thinking out loud but i
know he can hear
i feel comfortable talking to you guys
it's just weird talking to train if he's
not there
so i do care i'm perceived 100 i do care
it's not that i don't care i do care i
think that says they don't care
yeah i do care
it's that since i've
taken a lot of criticism on how i'm
pursuing since i've taken a lot of
careers my whole life
i can handle it well so it seems like i
don't care or seems like i'm trying to
say i don't care i do care
right i can see that does that make
sense so yeah it makes sense yeah
so i do somewhere just when someone
describes their
forehead as an umbrella that protects
them from the rain
it implies that they're comfortable with
the way that they're perceived and the
way that people talk about them
right that's what it suggests and at the
same time i'm noticing that
it actually matters to you a lot i think
that there's
there's a lot of interesting
stuff for lack of a better term about
yeah so let's go back to the gift giving
for a second we'll go back
go ahead so so i mean what i'm hearing
you kind of say is that
you sort of don't feel sometimes like
you're worthy
of the gift and that too sort of makes
sense because
what i'm getting is that your parents
made a lot of sacrifices
to get you gifts to me
the gift was their sacrifice but i don't
think they thought that i understood at
that age that their sacrifice
was worth anything because i was young
and i thought gifts and toys were
everything i think they thought that but
i
at that age i saw their sacrifice and
every night their sacrifice would make
me cry every night
because i i wouldn't i would
for for how much they sacrifice why
would you die every night
because i saw what it was doing to like
their health i saw like i could
see my dad aging i could see my dad was
already doing so much
and i was not
i don't know that's why i would cry does
that make any sense
i'll try for many reasons but that's one
of them yeah yeah so
i so i them being my parents was gift
enough
but they didn't know that so when i'd
get a gift
i would always cry and i wouldn't want
to accept it but they couldn't
understand because they thought
i didn't know does that make any sense
so well they didn't know that i was
aware of the sacrifices they'd make
they didn't know that like i could like
overhear conversations of like things
they had like
you know if they were behind on things
but they would sacrifice that and put it
toward me and act like everything was
okay
i knew these things were going on but
they'd still do them
and they'd take the weight of the world
just to make me believe that everything
was okay but i knew everything was not
so it's that feeling that's what makes
me want
i i don't want people to feel that so
that's why like so for example i have
these like advice streams and i try to
like
i try to like you know i'll pay for like
psychiatric or psychology
like sessions i don't want them to feel
what i felt of
why do you think your parents did that
for you because they loved me
i don't know right i mean i think that's
a that's a good answer i think it's
certainly true
but i i wonder has it ever occurred to
you that the same thing that motivates
you to help other people
is what motivated your parents to do
that for you
yeah well it did because it wasn't only
me they did it for
i remember uh he would do it for a lot
of people like
so he coached my soccer team as well and
yeah
there was like yeah i'm actually that's
a tangent but yeah i mean so
so on a very simple sense it sounds like
you're trying to protect people from
the hurt that you experienced
yeah but the hurt is in a lot of places
we're just talking about one of them and
the other one i couldn't fully
embody into like i couldn't fully put
into words for the birthdays and the
holidays and like the friends i couldn't
that one wasn't coming out clearly but
yeah for this
one instance this is one of the many
that we can talk about but yeah
i guess yeah the second one was
something around loneliness
around loneliness that was tied to my
yeah yeah my parents would try to
yeah make me feel not and i just
wouldn't feel yeah
it ties into this they would sacrifice
more and more just to make me feel
you know i don't know it wasn't just all
gifts it was love and affection too but
i i don't know yeah yeah yes we'll just
say yes
it sounds like that they made a lot of
they tried to really
help you feel better and they
they did a lot of things behind the
scenes to create a particular kind of
experience for you
yeah what was it like to be able to see
backstage
it gave me a lot of perspective a lot of
character um
it it taught me to you know
it taught me that time and like quality
time is more important than
than money and that family is more
important than money and that
you know take just that kind of like
yeah i don't know it just top yeah i
guess
yeah i guess just
i don't know
i feel like i sk i feel like i couldn't
fully put into words what i wanted to
say and like we're like
six chapters in but chapters one two and
three i couldn't fill
fully for you i don't know does that
make any sense i think it does but i
think that's okay
i think sometimes you know there
sometimes you
you know much like a good book you
really figure out what was happening in
chapters one two and three
in chapter 25. true right a plot twist
puts everything into perspective so i
think that's okay okay
that makes me makes me feel better yeah
i mean i i think it's clear that your
feelings are com
complex and that there are many
different nuances to them
that there's a sense of appreciation
and also what sounds like some something
like a shade of guilt to be honest
that you know you recognize that they
were making a sacrifice and you
appreciate them for that
and there's also a certain sadness of
like
you know when your dad chooses to give
you his share of like
whatever has been made and like you end
up eating it like that's gotta
it's hard to receive the kindness
of another person who has to give
something up to give it
yes yes it can make you feel
not worthy yes
right because who is truly worthy of
that like i mean
your dad doesn't there's something about
that that's just horribly
unfair and you're kind of the recipient
of kindness which on the one hand is
good but like
not at such a cost
yes you know i mean that makes a lot of
sense to me
said it does no it does yes 100 does
yeah sometimes i think it's it's hard i
think the interesting thing tyler is
that
i'm not sure if that still carries over
to today
do you still feel like sometimes you're
not worthy of the kindness that you
receive
hmm
from my parents i would say
it's
for my parents yes it's not that
from my parents
i don't know if it's right now at this
stage in my life i don't know i don't
know if it's a worthiness it's more so
about
i don't know i mean i know my parents
are proud of me
tyler let me ask you something okay go
ahead
what could your dad have done
to
so so you understood that they made the
sacrifice you appreciated their
sacrifice
and at the same time you experienced
some degree of pain from that
does that make sense
to answer your question before the next
thing right here
i don't think there was anything that
they could have done differently i think
that the pain that i felt
was because i knew that that
is pure good and in and because
it's good what i felt
has made me do what he does unto me
onto others right like
so the best way i can explain this is
there's no way i can explain it but i
don't think there's anything different
you can do i think he did
exactly what any good person would do
that loves somebody that's why i don't
think there is any
there is no perfect in this world that
you know it
everything comes with its opposite it
comes with its
right that's what gives you the
perspective the duality of it right
like i'm i don't know does that make any
sense i don't think there's anything
makes sense
and and i'd encourage you to to think
about it slightly differently
so that your dad taught you pure
goodness
right is that right he taught me
appearance
it's not yeah sure it is okay
yeah okay go ahead what else do we call
not eating to feed your child pure
goodness
and so so i i also see that you have
you have taken what he taught you you've
made it a part of who you are
and you try to do it for others right
you said that your dad puts everyone
else first
and you don't it is you still have some
strange feelings around receiving gifts
but you're very particular about giving
gifts
and yet receiving them is still hard for
you
so like let's try to like try to
understand that for a second
so i think the crazy thing here is that
can i tell you a story yes please
okay maybe this story will uh because i
i i'm going to make a couple of
assumptions about how iranian culture
and indian culture
are away similar yeah so when i was
uh first um kind of like not first but
like
you know after i'd been dating my wife
for a while or maybe we were engaged i
would probably like engaged um and uh
you know one day i went home
and she came with me so i was at my you
know my parents house and my grandmother
was there
the first thing that that happens when i
come home is is you know my mom and my
grandmother ask me
what do i want to eat and i don't want
to burden them
right so i say like whatever's easiest
and what do you think their responses
any idea so you asked your parents
what you could do to not burden them no
no no so yeah so i
no i said they're like what do you want
to eat like when you go home like you
know i don't know if your mom tries to
like cook your favorite dish
oh go ahead right and and so so so
they're like oh look what do you want to
eat and i say like whatever is easy like
you know don't
inconvenience yourself for my sake right
makes sense right so and then what what
you think that like
calms them down or riles them up
riles them up why
because you're damn right why
that's a question i still have yet to
answer because for me it goes back and
forth
yeah yeah so so like the interesting
thing is like you know sometimes like
what happens like
you know is that people want to take
care of you
yeah and and if you
tell people like yeah like so they would
and then what what happened is they like
ask me a thousand questions so like do
you want this
do you want this do you want this and
i'd be like whatever's fine like
everything's fine
like really like whatever's easy like
please don't and then get like more and
more riled up
yes because they wouldn't know like here
is their
you know son home from whatever like
back from boston
and i i'm in medical school and so
they're like oh you're home
and like we wanna you know they wanna
they wanna show their affection they
wanna show their love
so they ask me like what do i wanna eat
and i'd say like whatever
my wife is like you're driving i'm
[ __ ] insane just it doesn't matter
what you want to eat just pick something
because they you you owe them
a simple answer so that they haven't
seen you in two months
they get joy out of watching you eat you
come home and you say you just pick
something
tell them i want to eat this and then
when they make it
you s shove your face full of it
and then you tell them it's delicious it
doesn't matter what you want
it doesn't matter what they want you
just say something
and then you accept what they give you
and you appreciate it
does that make sense completely makes
sense yes
right on point yes and so when it comes
to the gift giving
i i get where you're coming from that
you want to protect like you want to be
like your dad said something did
something so awesome for you
and if everyone in the world was like
your dad the world would be
for the most part an awesome place maybe
people would be
freaking out about beds not being made
but you know people would put others
ahead of themselves
and so in a weird way i think one of the
simplest things just think about what it
would have done
for you as a kid
if like he knows like you know he's
hungry he knows he's hungry
he doesn't want to accept or doesn't
know
that you know and while you eat it
there's a part of you that feels like
hurt because like
you know he's sacrificing and sure it's
a beautiful sacrifice
but it brings pain with it and sure
there's something about duality and
something there
i'm curious you know how do you think it
would have affected you if your dad said
like let's say there's one
you know piece of bread left or
something like that and you guys went
halfsies
how would you have felt if he had taken
half of his portion
i think giving me half or giving me full
it would have the same exact effect
because it's not for me it's not so for
me it's not the
it's not the actual food that's being
given or the amount of it
it's the intention of of the of the
it's the inception of the thought
that is there instantly instinctually
it's it's there
to give it to be willing to ready at any
call
any chance at any second to give it
right it's it's the thought
it's not the actual action of it it's
it's that it's there like
that's why for me when people reach out
to me like what's
on my birthday right it's just
the little reach out that isn't for me
that's enough right
and for a lot of people i think that's
enough it's just it's it's the fact that
it's there
yeah so tyler yeah so i i i make okay
i'm with you in terms of the portion so
let me put it this way
sometimes a kindness that you can the
biggest kindness you can do for someone
else
is to let them do a kindness for you
what do you think about that i think
it's completely accurate that was gonna
be my next point
right so and i think when it comes to
like gift receiving
yeah so sure you feel guilty on some
level
but remember that like something about
your feeling of guilt is depriving them
of their intention to make you feel a
certain way
i think here's how i actually think it
is
now tell me if you feel me on this okay
okay
i think the guilt that i felt
and that i feel
is the very response that is most
appropriate
for their action because if i learn from
their action
and if i were to be good and understand
what good is in putting others before
yourself
i would have to feel that way if i'm
actually learning from them and
i was gonna do that one day if i didn't
feel that guilt and i just took
that's when you become shameless that's
when you're no longer aware of the
other's emotions
you're no longer aware of the other
person's experience that they're
uh going through and what they're losing
by giving you the peace so i think i
need to feel that way in order to
reciprocate
so let me need it when you give someone
else a gift
do you want them to feel guilty
i think guilty is the wrong word it's
not it's not
guilty that i felt it's it was
it was it's not the
guilt isn't the right word the word i
felt
was it softened my heart it made me
ache for a moment to know that this
existed that this was the closest thing
to a superhero right we all see our
parents as
you know this or that us fortunate ones
at least i don't want to assume everyone
has a good relationship
but you know especially in our cultures
right like i would say like
it's
the feeling shapes me
it's the good and the i felt the good in
the world right
that's what i felt so that feeling
naturally
if i myself i'm not some crazy
sociopathic serial killer
naturally no matter i mean listen this
is why i wouldn't say it out loud
i accepted the gift to make him feel
good he had no idea that i was
sad in his decision so i allowed him to
feel good by giving me the gift i held
that inside
knowing that so that
knowing is what allows me to
learn from that grow from that and it's
it allows me to shape
into that to do it myself so doing it my
does that make any sense makes perfect
sense right so but
now you guys are playing this little
game
of i'm gonna sacrifice more i'm gonna
take the pain from you
i'm gonna eat this thing because i know
it makes my dad
feel comforted that there isn't enough
food for both of us
so what you do is you you receive his
goodness
and you sacrifice because of it
right yes yeah and so
what what i'm hearing from you is that
the world is a place where pure goodness
is represented by sacrifice
you want to feel guilt
it's how you know you're doing it right
you're becoming your father
you're putting other people first and
you can't put someone else first
without someone taking a loss
sometimes yes right for serious
occasions like
fine yeah yeah i guess maybe yeah tyler
so like like the interesting thing i
think it's beautiful don't get me wrong
and i come from the same culture of
sacrifice
yeah right so i i'm with you that i
think the world is sort of changing
like we're real boomers now because we
talk about kids nowadays
but i i do think that you made a good
point that in america
it's help yourself first and help
yourself second
it's a very you know like like
anyway so it's different right so in in
a lot of like the
like middle eastern south asian east
asian
i'm not sure about other parts of the
world because i just don't know those
cultures as well but like
there's a very community aspect the
community actually comes ahead of the
individual
it's just a different value system yeah
i invited uh did
you know who lacari is le carr is a
streamer so i invited him over and
when he came over i gave him
my master bedroom and my master bathroom
and i
slept in the guest room on like this
very like shitty bed
and he couldn't understand why the hell
would this guy invite me to his house
and give me the master bedroom after
bathroom master bathroom everything good
and sleep in a
creaky old bed in the guest room this is
just this is my culture this is how i
was raised right
now it's not everybody in our culture
because i'll tell you what my cousins
if they had one last fruit roll up that
[ __ ] you know they hounded me they would
argue hit me pull my hair it's theirs
when i had one last
fruit roll up my dad taught me listen we
can get more another time
let your cousins have it that's the way
i was raised right give it to them
don't worry you know take care of
yourself last make sure they're good
they're your guests
right yeah so no one understands this
and i think lucario was confused which
led to another story but
that's true yeah so so let me kind of
like ask so so i'm with you that that
oftentimes
sacrifice that
goodness so goodness to you feels
right when it comes with a sense of
guilt unworthiness or sacrifice
right now i know i'm not perfectly
capturing this because i think that
there's
but but so so here's here's the the
thing right so in the
in in the same way that
you decided to eat the food so your dad
could have the feeling of like
okay like i did the good thing and my
son is eating
because like he feels the same way right
like you're helping him feel good
through sacrifice
yes and then and then the big thing that
my my wife
taught me is that like that's something
you know sometimes the best way that you
can feel is sort of like what you said
you just
you take one you just take it you take
what other people have to offer and
that's actually the best gift you can
give them
and i think it's it runs contrary to our
cultures of like taking is bad
but at the same time it's really like a
next level play
and i have never seen my family be
happier than when i
sometimes become a taker you know i'm
careful about it
but now i have this thing where like
when i visit my in-laws
like i just ask for one thing
every time i go pick one thing and
[ __ ] ask for it
and then like my my mother-in-law is
awesome and she feels just so much
like then she gives me the thing i enjoy
it fully and then she's a happy camper
i'm a happy camper and all i had to do
was be a little bit of an [ __ ] and
ask for something
and so in a weird way tyler what i what
i'd encourage you to do is like the next
time you receive a gift
give someone the opportunity of just
receiving it and give someone the
opportunity
of doing of accepting it
just like you did for your dad and that
you don't have to feel
like you can you accepted something from
your dad and it came with guilt and so i
think your mind is somewhat conditioned
for like when someone gives something to
you like you feel guilt fine
like you can see how those two
experiences are connected and at the
same time
let go of that guilt
as best as you can try to just accept
what people have to give
and that understand that on some level
sometimes
the the best the the best sacrifice
the purest goodness that you can
have is one of sacrifice which is
something that i think is like very well
represented and explained in
christianity
right so that's like it's like an
age-old kind of thing that like the
the bigger the sacrifice the better the
good
but i think that there's also like a
different perspective which is that
sometimes
you can just accept other sacrifices and
you don't have to feel guilty
which i know sounds bizarre to you and
that's why i encourage you to just
accept what gifts people have to give
and and acknowledge that
when they're giving that gift the last
thing they want you to feel is guilty
they're giving it for the same reason i
mean just imagine if other people feel
guilty when
you give them a gift and sure there's a
certain amount of like paying it forward
that you want to do you're demonstrating
to them sacrifice
i just feel like i feel like i i feel
like it's my responsibility
to to know when they're sacrificing
and to feel that i'll accept it i'll
make them feel good and
and let them do the heroic deed but i
feel like i need to
see that and reciprocate the favor and
get them back
out of there does that make sense which
i think is completely natural it's how
people should feel does that make sure
so yeah get them out of there in terms
of what
so let's say i'm in a tough spot right
and you know
someone reaches out gives me a gift
helps me out right
i so if they've sacrificed something
giving me that because they you know
they can maybe take a couple days
without eating so i can eat that one day
then i feel like i need to come back and
he he gave me a plate of food i need to
give him a restaurant
sure does that make any sense like i was
talking about old school mob type stuff
yeah i'm saying like yep you you feel me
yeah yeah
yeah no but yeah i feel understand what
you're saying
yeah so i just wanna make sure we have
time for the bully thing but i don't
know if we do do we have to
go for that not so much but i mean is
there something
we can because i i think you know we
tend to get
talk about things somewhat deeply so i
think we kind of cover less ground
but if there's something you want to say
about my only concern about the bully
thing is that
we wouldn't have enough time to do it
justice what do you think
yeah you're probably right i mean i i
can never get to any of my points and i
feel like today
yeah so yeah how do you feel about today
um i i feel like
every time i have a camera i've how i
feel today is how i feel
every time i have a conversation with
someone that i
enjoy their which is there's just never
enough time
that's how i feel i like you i like you
it's
i like it's fun talking to you it's fun
yeah i just enjoyed talking to you you
know just
hey it could be anything we could
[ __ ] we could talk about
a horse and i'll have a good time let me
talk 45 minutes about horus believe me
i can stretch that out i'll start with
the tail we'll go to the hooves
we'll go up the you know ankles we'll
talk about the bony structures we'll
talk about the muscles
i'll stretch out for two hours and i'm a
pro at this but
i just it's just fun it's just it's it's
it's nice to
talk to someone that's it's why i enjoy
among us a lot
it forces it forces interactions that i
feel like this generation is completely
lost it forces 10 people to get into a
call
it forces us to
be in situations that build stronger
relationships
right nowadays friendships over the
internet they have no challenges and
when one challenge happens everyone's
ready to just run and
disappear because it attacks
what they've hidden deep inside their
mind that no one can have
but anyways yeah i really enjoy these
conversations so how i feel today is how
i feel when i have a conversation with
anyone that's
fun to talk to what i'm hearing is
incomplete
no no it was very complete it's just
that i just want to talk about you know
i wish we had 15 hours straight you know
i feel like i wish we both could just go
six coffees each
talk for 15 hours straight you know and
just
[ __ ] around just have fun together
you know can i
offer um my perspective
yeah of course so uh
train i i want to talk more too i think
one of the things that i found is that
um the longer a conversation
goes like i feel like i have a certain
amount of hard drive space
and that hard drive space is about 90
minutes and that what i find is that
if i keep going there's a lot of
fruitful stuff but i tend to start
overriding the stuff at the beginning
interesting
so for you to know here's how i work
okay
so that 90 minute period you have where
you start recording or writing onto your
hard drive
for me booting up
yeah for me so the last 15 minutes
is the information is real information
that can get us somewhere
and the other you know uh uh 75 minutes
all of that was just me booting up just
just complete like
an utter just just [ __ ] right so
maybe i need to just wake up and
look and talk in the mirror for like 45
minutes to myself and get all the
[ __ ] out
so when you when you and i start i can
start right at the good stuff
you know what i'm saying well yeah but i
just to play devil's advocate there for
a second i think there was a lot of good
stuff
so so just as an example so i have a
hypothesis that you're very concerned
about
you know your perception and how people
treat you that you're very
confident in yourself and at the same
time there's this weird [ __ ] about the
parent oil like
why those phones need to be in in
airplane mode like
it sounds like you were concerned about
something getting out
in which case then no it's because okay
so the way i talk
and the generation i came from with the
friends i had the way i talk it's very
loose
and it's from a generation where
everyone gave each other the benefit of
the doubt
so when you come from a generation where
everyone gives you the benefit of the
doubt
everything you say it's taken in a
context that is the least harmful
in the sense of like you don't mean it
in a way where you're this terrible
person
right he was just kidding he meant it in
this context relaxed nowadays we live in
the total opposite
nowadays the worst possible scenario is
found the worst possible context is
applied
and that's the way it's written so
nowadays with the way i talk
i i speak very crazily right um
i've i type the same way right whether
it's
uh males females anyone you know i've
told
tyler juan and other streamers that they
have you know sexy eyes and i went a
little deeper into sexual stuff with you
know these guys
i i just i talk very loosely and
the problem is here's the problem the
way that
it's represented by whoever represents
it if they introduce it first
they get to dictate what the context is
and i know
anyone that does not like me will always
dictate the context
in a different way and the things that i
say are very important
with context they're very important you
remove the context they could be very
serious and very bad
so i think the same way yeah so when i'm
having
dinner with two friends off stream and
i'm talking freely i might make a joke
that i know me and my friends there
understand the context of and we know
it's not harmful
the problem is if that were to be
recorded
and someone were to introduce it with a
different narrative line
there is nothing i can say or do that
will
ever prove that it is the way i meant it
it is always forever going to be taken
away by the general public because
there's no way they can understand
what i meant and since we of what we
talked about before of how i'm perceived
kind of this like terrible
evil like villain that's the way it it
makes it even harder for me to
battle that so i just take precautions
because i know does that make any sense
yeah i mean i think that makes a lot of
sense i'm
i i find myself being curious but i i
think you know there's a lot of
questions from that like you know why
are you perceived as a villain and where
does that come from
but i think that sounds like it's a
whole other conversation it is i'll i'll
keep this one very short but
sure we'll talk about that we'll talk
about a little later so there's this
weird like
double side to this half of it
half of it i i have my opinions i have
my theories
and it sucks and i don't like it
the other half of me feels like it's
necessary to be seen this way
it's a very weird conflicting uh two uh
different sides that i have in my head
right now
that i i've always had so
because of my experiences through the
bullying in middle school
high school beca and and
a little bit of college because of that
it fueled me to
do whatever i needed to do it was my
fuel i learned how to take
people's hate doubt and turn it into
fuel
right and that's why even
i mean even if people don't like me here
they can they can
they have to admit to themselves when
i've had hordes of people hating me way
outnumbering me i've still kept going
right where others take months breaks
because of one hate thread
you know there's been hundreds that i
just use as fuel
now here's the reason why up half of me
which is unhealthy thinks it needs to be
there
i've learned no other way to move
forward
besides using the doubt and hate as fuel
there was there was a week where i went
remember i was cherished and praised i
think it was during the australia
wildfires
where we did this big community event
and i was
i was like cherished and praised it was
all love and good
and for that entire week i actually
i almost felt like purposeless i felt
like i
i was i i had nothing fueling me
to prove people wrong and uh do
something
and i i actually had no i had no
motivation at all
and then as soon as the first hate
thread came back of train wrecks being
an
[ __ ] or a hate piece of [ __ ] when
that came and i saw that
it invigorated me it it it refueled this
flame in my eye where i wanted to go to
the next step just to
you know does that make sense so it's
this weird thing where i hate it because
i'm not this person
that i look like i am but on the other
hand
as soon as people start seeing it from
the inside i lose the mode of it right
because
my primary feel was that it's just wrong
i don't know i think it makes sense
it makes a lot of sense uh tyler i think
a big thing that i've noticed is that
we tend to stick with the patterns that
are adaptive at one point
and then sometimes they become
maladaptive
and and they no longer are ideal for us
but it's what we know
and it's what works so like substance
use i think is a really good example of
this where
you know people can have bad feelings
and then what they find is that there's
something that
helps those bad feelings go away and
and so and it can work you know for a
time
and in your case it sounds like it's
still working pretty well but i think
that sometimes it's bizarre that
you know we propagate things that seem
like they're bad
but the reason we propagate them is
because they work
and that's it you know it's
it it's not that uncommon but i think i
think we can dig into it do you how do
you feel about meditation today
we can try it oh that's that's what
we're going to talk about remember last
time we ended on substance use i was
going to tell you about my
my long yeah next time i guess we'll do
that next time
you know i've had i've dabbled in uh
and i hate talking about it in this mood
because it sounds like i'm bragging as
it's some sort of experience that
everyone no you know
again you see that like so much of what
you say like your mind automatically
goes to
i hate to send you say what you want to
say
i just want to take it the wrong way but
yeah you know i [ __ ] like
you know i went through four years uh
i've done a lot of you know i've i've
you know um
yeah i did i wasn't like heroin for like
three four years
you know i tried meth once um
i've done a lot of drugs i was quite
dangerous i was young
yeah i was like 18 to 12 18 like 23 20
23. i think i tried these things and
i've never been to i've never been to
one rehab but i i i
s this is this the dangerous part be
careful about i like i self-taught how
to like quit
and that's what we're going to talk
about into this one since you're an
addiction
psychiatrist but we'll do that next time
okay some crazy i'm telling some i got
i i ended up one of these nights
i ended up in a neighborhood
and my friend takes me to this party
okay so i'm gonna leave i'm like this on
a cliffhanger here i'm not gonna end the
story so
i do drugs with these kids and i end up
at this party
in the avenues of arizona right avenues
are not a good place in arizona so i
have any avenues
i'm in a neighborhood i walk in this
party
supposed to be this cool party fun i
walk in
and the first thing i remember i saw was
black duct tape
going straight from the double door of
the front of the house
through the middle of the double door
zigzagging perfectly
splitting the house i'm like what the
[ __ ]
like is he taping down an ethernet cable
i didn't see anything which is the flat
duct tape what's going on
so i look back up i walk in i make it to
the main portion
on the right side there was a bunch of
people
in blue shirts and attire
on the left side red i was at a
neighborhood
peace party between gangs
and this story was so [ __ ]
insane i've told it once on my stream
but these are the things i went through
during that phase the three to four year
phase of like the usages the things that
i
lucky i made it out alive i mean let
alone the drug itself but
the situations and the people are
brought around [ __ ] that that's a story
for later that that was
crazy stuff happened later that night
you know there's helicopters choppers i
was in a car with random three people it
was bad
but we'll tell that next time it was
some insane [ __ ]
okay so trade that does sound like quite
the cliffhanger man
um i need to pee so i'm going to leave
you too
oh okay okay i'll entertain stream
you go p and then right when i see you
coming back alt p and then we'll wrap it
up in like 15
minutes
oh no socks yo dr k got some socks on my
man
what's up guys you know i feel like
i wish i wish i can
pick and choose when to come on within
the like
hour of having the show but it's like so
selfish and irresponsible of me to like
expect that or want that
there's days where i can speak
eloquently which is very rare but
there's days that that's there
those are the days i want to come talk
to them so i can freely express
everything i'm feeling like uh or in an
organized way today is not one of those
days as you guys can tell
you just need more time training
yeah maybe i don't know yeah maybe but
at the end of the day i mean listen he's
already doing amazing work you know
the you know plus hey
we'll come back and we'll talk about the
juicy stuff
can i touch up on one thing before we go
to meditation and wrap up yeah sure
oh it's the birthday it's the birthday
thing i want to clean that up cause i
think i didn't properly get it out
and there's no response needed i just
want to clear i i just think i didn't
explain that properly
then again i feel like it's awkward now
re-explaining it
you know because i was like a soft
moment and now i'm not in a soft mood
does that make any sense
but anyways sure so
actually i i i guess we can revisit that
later
okay but but in that time i was gonna
use to answer your other question before
i
uh kind of just jumped away and went
into different different direction
you asked why i was why i feel like i'm
seen
as the villain so i want to be honest
with you okay
when you look at me okay look at me
do i come off initially now i know
you're wise
you know i'm not calling you old
kind of you're not old but you know
you're older than me i think then again
wait maybe not
anyways so
damn i just called you old i'm so sorry
but anyway no no no i'm
i'm just i i didn't get perceived as you
calling me old
oh great you look great by the way
amazing skin amazing hair
what i'm what i'm what made me laugh
train is just how
tuned in you are to how people perceive
you and how you affect other people
right so like you're it there seems to
be like a constant program in your mind
about how are my work it's
kind of good right so it means that
you're like very empathic
you're kind of constantly tuned in to
like how how am i being perceived or my
words being understood
you know you're always asking does that
make sense
it's like it's sort of like there's a
second monitor in your mind that has
this program about
how are my words being you could call me
old i wouldn't mind
i was laughing because you called me
wise and i think i'm not
that's why i was laughing like if if you
only
knew i mean i get i'm wise oh no no
believe me
i've already in my mind at the very
least this is gonna sound very
pretentious of me but
that right there what you just said if
you only knew i've already
believe me i'm already assuming
okay how can i say this psychiatry and
like
so obviously psychiatry go to medical
stuff psychology you know it's a little
different
but in order to have in my opinion
a decently high social experience which
you sorry social intelligence which i
think you do
you have to have quite a bit of trial
and error
quite a bit of different experiences and
you have to
be able to think
think into a situation that you mean the
point is i believe me i've already
calculated things
i'm not putting you in as this holy
grail of a god and your you know god's
left nut
and your you know this pure thing that
touches water turns into wine
by no means but that's exactly why i
think you're wise and i think you
admitting that you're not wise is
exactly why you are wise right but
anyways the point i'm trying to make is
when you look at me
okay i have black hair black eyebrows i
have
black eyes i have very a very deep voice
i'm very passionate
so i my voice my voice raises very
quickly which to others
it would be a slight raise but since my
voice is deeper it sounds like i'm
yelling and ready to
you know call the trumpets of war or the
horn of war
right so when you look at me initially
now that you've talked to me
you can you probably have a good idea of
what i'm like but but when you initially
look at me okay imagine before you talk
to me at all when i just look at you
like this
would you say that i'm a that that i
look like an approachable person that's
gonna be very nice to you or do you
think i look like someone that's gonna
be a total [ __ ] to you
most people answer that as the [ __ ] i
wouldn't describe you as approachable
but i think that there's like
it's not either or what do you look
approachable
no but i don't think you look like an
ass
because let me tell you [ __ ]
[ __ ] come in all colors shapes and
sizes
oh i know that i know that but so but
i i would agree i don't think i i think
you can be intimidating
i think you can look intimidating for
sure
certainly i think a deep voice
a certain confidence
and i i think you also
yeah i i think intimidating is a word i
would use to describe
you i think so i wouldn't i wouldn't
describe you as looking
nice when i think about like people who
look nice i think about like
you know babysitters that i hire for my
kids
like that's what i perceive as nice
they're like little old ladies
yeah so like in my opinion and i'll wrap
this up where i'm so sorry i'm talking
your head off but
so that in that intimating aspect for a
lot of people
it causes a fear right and here's what
happens right
this is the same thing i talk this in my
stream a lot so i have this thing where
i talk about certain things where people
think i'm gay
okay now it's it's their very
understanding and misunderstanding that
makes them think this it makes them
think that if i look at another man
and i think that they're good looking
that has to mean i'm gay if i smack
their ass or they smack mine out on an
issue with it i must be gay but this
isn't what
this isn't what defines whether you're
straight gay bisexual or whatever right
so my point is it's the fear it's the
not knowing
that causes these ignorant beliefs of
what
makes you what right so that was very
quick with that example i know it sounds
it was very sloppy i'm trying to be fast
here so what i'm trying to get to is
that intimidation that others see it
causes a
fear and an ignorance so when you see
that
you want to either get away from it
completely shut it out get it out of the
screen get it out of a position or you
want to bring it down
and that that's what i feel like almost
every single encounter i have initially
starts as until there's an opportunity
where we can just talk and hang out
individually right i'm always starting
at a position
where i need to work uphill or does that
make any sense
it makes a lot of sense i think it goes
along with this theme of like
you're judged tyler and people have
perceptions of you
and you're very careful about how you
manage those because
it sounds like when you haven't been
you've been burned
that's what i would hypothesize but
maybe a conversation for a different day
but i i think you're very careful about
how you're perceived
you're very in tune with what people
think of you
i i don't know why that is or where it
comes from but i certainly see it and i
think it makes sense
so recently last thing i swear last
thing so recently
i'll give you an example of why i'm like
this and why i'm like hyperactive this
area i'm very paranoid
recently there was a situation where
i did something right and it was a very
it was a very like big something like
monetarily
and when someone looked at it and then
looked at me and thought of me
the immediate reaction was i need to
find why he did this
it can't be good it's too bad so
narrative was created is i did it
for free advertisement right and then
you have someone else
that does a fraction of a fraction of a
fraction of it
and they did it for the advertisement
but the way they're perceived because
they have a more humble look
is wow even though you know even though
this
right like others are given the benefit
of the doubt whereas for me
anything is found that matches the way i
make them
feel does that make any sense so because
of this i'm very
i'm very paranoid and i'm constantly
like trying to
make sure it's not i'm not taking the
wrong way and i'm i feel like
does that make any sense yeah
i mean i don't know but anyway i'm sorry
i i i can go for hours yeah just
i think the rains wrap it up i apologize
no that's okay i i think it's
no not bad you know i i mean everything
you say train i think triggers things
than me
and everything i say triggers things and
you i don't mean trigger in a bad way
um like for example hearing that and you
know we'll see if i can
man should i restrain i don't want to
restrain asking the question so i feel
like i want to ask a question
more just to solidify it in my mind as
opposed to get an answer from you but
how does it feel to constantly be judged
like that
to not be given the benefit of the doubt
to have all of your actions scrutinized
your words scrutinized to be
misinterpreted
anyway but you can tell me whether
you know because you say your parent
what's it like to be paranoid what's it
like to need to be paranoid
i i think is the deeper question there
are a lot of questions left i'm i'm with
you there
um so maybe something to think about
you tell me i i can't i'll tell you okay
i'll tell you now so here's the way i
see it
if you remember we talked about my
feeling the need to take an l
or to take a sec to sacrifice to make
others feel good so
i see so it it's not that i feel sad for
being judged
you know i mean when we get deeper into
it i'll explain it obviously
i do have my moments where i'll just you
know
you know be in bed and i'll just you
know that never mind but the the point
is
it's not that i feel sad i see it as
that's the sacrifice i take and it
doesn't matter if
others i mean i'll fight it still don't
get me wrong so it does matter i don't
want to say it doesn't matter but
that's the sacrifice that's the l i take
knowing that there are people's lives
that are changing from what i'm doing
and knowing that in order to continue to
change lives i need to keep taking this
l
doing what i'm doing now on the other
hand
on the other hand what unmotivates me
is i'm cool with making that sacrifice
but what
makes me what chips away at me
is the people
that are the true villains
are praised as the heroes and given the
credibility of the heroes
which in line creates a system that's
never going to fix itself
because the very trickery that got us
into the problems of the system in the
first place
are continuously happening just evolving
to be more advanced
and then the people who actually are
putting
words into action and not just speaking
in this idealistic way but actually
putting the actions behind it
are seen as the villains and since the
villains
that are labeled as villains are the
ones that are actually proving with
action
and the heroes are only talking no
change
ever happens and we're stuck in this
perpetuating
endless circle of
corruption [ __ ] and trash
and no one can understand why this is
happening but what's that's happening
because no one can actually look into
themselves and realize
so does that make any sense so this time
i'm gonna say no i completely lost you
bro
when you started talking about
corruption and the real heroes
are being perceived as villains and the
villains are being perceived as heroes
and and like like i i could follow like
pieces of that but i feel like there's
just so much to that story
which you started to toss in which i i
honestly i don't i don't know like
what like who you're like i just don't
have the context
we talking about your english teacher
are we talking about
people on twitch are we talking about
people like talking
so i'm talking about the very thing that
that being so getting to a point of
self-awareness and getting a point of
knowing yourself
would bring this out in people i'm
talking so what i'm talking about
is
so what i'm saying is
train i gotta jump in for a second sorry
okay i'm sorry i i don't mean to leave
let's wrap it up
i'm sorry but but i just need clarity
for you i'm happy if you want to finish
that thought but i do have i
actually have a client this coming yeah
you're good i'm sorry yeah yeah
so do you do you want to learn how to
meditate or do you want to finish your
thoughts whichever okay let's meditate
and often i'll
i'll think more clearly and i'll come
back and next time more clear
okay yeah so i i didn't mean yes you
know i just i do no you're sort of
eliminated
actually you let me know four different
times i should have that was that was
shameless of me that's my fault nope
i mean i played ball right you would say
something and then i would get curious
because what you say is really
interesting
and i do feel like we could talk for 15
hours i i don't doubt that for a second
i think it'd be fun to like go camping
you know and just just hang out in the
wilderness for a while and and talk and
i get stuck in a rant because i
when i talk i see it yep so i
yeah so i just get stuck in a rant yeah
the reason i was i was jumping in there
is because i i
literally this is the first time i think
you've been really clear but i just
don't have the context to understand
what you were saying earlier yeah it
would take so yeah so let me ask you
um i kind of feel like doing a
particular practice today that's a
little bit different
do you want to repeat the do you think
it would be helpful to do the same
practice we did last time or try
something else
honestly i think
hey you know you take the reins and i'll
i'll ride with i'll write on you
i won't write on you that's a little
weird i'm so sorry i'll write
you lead i'll follow go ahead okay um
so let's so what i want you to sit up
straight
i'm gonna teach you a practice we
haven't done a little while for a little
while on stream but
it it's called charging the laser beam
and that's something that
that someone in chat came up with so
um the actual so this is a technique
that's uh
sort of an introductory practice to
third eye meditations
and third eye meditations are about
cultivating like insight
intuition and understanding that's
bizarre
but basically uh last time you know we
taught you a breath meditation so now
i'm going to teach you a meditation that
involves
focusing essentially just focusing on
your third eye so what i want you to do
is
um you know it's going to sound kind of
look weird but i want you to take
one finger i usually actually use the
middle finger which i know is
weird but there's a reason for that so
what we want to do is
is take your middle finger and actually
hover it
just sort of right between your eyebrows
don't touch yeah close your eyes
just hold it there for a second
and try to get close maybe like a
centimeter away
and focus just a little bit above your
eyebrows
sit up straight
i want you to just focus on any
sensations
in your forehead and tell me do you feel
anything
i feel my middle finger tickling the
little hairs of my forehead
okay so try to pull a little bit away
to where they can't touch
and focus on those sensations so if it's
actually
touch on hairs on your head you want to
pull a little bit further out
and just focus on that part of your
forehead
you can go ahead and relax your hand now
and let your
let your focus maintain on that point
okay and try to drive your attention
into it
okay
just keep pushing we'll practice for
about 60 or 90 seconds you can focus on
sensations
on of your forehead or just
moving into that spot
for lack of a better term oh i'm on that
spot right now
good keep your attention there
we'll go for about two minutes huh i
leaned back and i lost it give me a sec
here we go
okay all right let's go
now i want you to take your finger and
move it back to the spot
focus on your forehead
now relax your hand
we'll continue for about another minute
now i want you to take a deep breath in
through your nose
breathe out slowly
again
and out
and then in for a third time and super
slow
out of your nose super super slow
when you're ready open your eyes
what was that like free
calming soothing peaceful
i feel like i want to uh
i feel like i want to go get a haircut
but skip the haircut and just get the uh
shampoo part where i get the head
massaged you feel me on that yeah
yeah yeah that's what i feel like
awesome that's the best part yeah that's
the best part of the haircut by the way
yeah yeah very nice hair by the way
thank you
teddy really yeah
there's a fun fact i'm gonna give you i
was supposed to
that's what the doctor said i was
supposed to lose all of my hair well the
top part of it
all of this was supposed to be bold by
the end of my 18
year 18 by the end of 18 years old i was
supposed to lose it all
right and my parents yeah well no it's
because my dad's bold my mom's dad's
bold my dad's dad's bold
and my parents cared so much
i i didn't have the i didn't have the
sight to see that i'd care myself i was
so short-sighted
so i would kick and scream and cry i
didn't want to do this do that
now i'm thankful every day but they
would take me to laser treatment
you know propecia they'd take me to you
know get the liquid regimens done
the stimulating of the blood and the
scalp and i've kept my hair
crazy cool yeah yeah
yeah no hair transplant nothing just
laser treatments early so crazy crazy
little story
yeah cool thanks for sharing yeah take
care i thought you should know
have a good have a good labor day is it
labor day
wow all right well have a good day hey
dr k i love you and uh hey love you too
man
we'll reconvene and get into the this
time i'm going to write this down i want
to get into the juicy deep stuff that no
one knows about or no one's heard that
i've never talked about
that's the stuff you know the stuff i've
always gate kept because i wasn't sure
if people would understand i feel like
with you i feel comfortable that you
would
appropriately take it so next time you
have time just message me whenever
i don't want to like keep messaging
because i know you're not going to say
no so
can you just message me when you think
it's appropriate i come on next we can
continue that yeah
just in a month or two months or message
me sure let me know
well let me try to tell you yeah okay
yeah let me know in the next like week
when i should come on okay whether it's
two months from now or three months from
now or now
will do all right thanks for sharing man
and thanks for coming on
and have a good day thanks for having me
you're great you're great too train
take care everyone hey everyone twitch
prime's up to him right now twitch prime
right now guys i'm telling you twitch
prime it goes to a good cause twitch
prime
i know you guys have it alright love you
guys bye all right take care
all righty so that was fun a lot to say
huh
with train good guy